# Welcome to My Portfolio!
Hi, I am a fourth-year Computer Science student studying at the University of California, Irvine. I have an interest in a software engineering intern position, since I can develop the application you need with the required skills. Furthermore, this internship would not only enable me to apply my skills to a practical application, but also to fulfill the company’s values. With this in mind, we can create products to enable people on the planet to achieve more. 

During my internship at Ardent Academy, I produced a prototype for an internal messaging application that allowed more than fifty students and staff members to have one-on-one conversations. It was implemented with MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, and Node.js. Before that, I also managed to clone the company’s website in React.js but with largely undocumented code. My colleagues thought that my work highly resembled the original site. When I was working on them, I needed to teach myself tools like React.js and MongoDB since I did not know them before. I also tried to review my previous HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Git knowledge briefly. Throughout this process, I gained an understanding of these different web development tools I used. Most importantly, I can tackle different development challenges, which is beneficial to your co-op team.  

I would like to have an opportunity to be an employee in your company. It is a rare chance for me to put my various development skills in practical use. If you have questions about my work, then you can reach me via my e-mail or phone. It is best to contact me through my e-mail address (imliuyzh@outlook.com). Thank you for your consideration for this position.  
